docs/1.10/working-with-projects/project-configuration/implementing-content-trust.md, before:

---
title: Implementing Content Trust
weight: 55
---

{{< note >}}
Notary is an optional component, please make sure you have already installed it in your Harbor instance before you go through this section.
{{< /note >}}

If you want to enable content trust to ensure that images are signed, please set two environment variables in the command line before pushing or pulling any image:

```sh
export DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST=1
export DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST_SERVER=https://10.117.169.182:4443
```

If you push the image for the first time, You will be asked to enter the root key passphrase. This will be needed every time you push a new image while the `DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST` flag is set.
The root key is generated at: `/root/.docker/trust/private/root_keys`
You will also be asked to enter a new passphrase for the image. This is generated at `/root/.docker/trust/private/tuf_keys/[registry name] /[imagepath]`.
If you are using a self-signed cert, make sure to copy the CA cert into `/etc/docker/certs.d/10.117.169.182` and `$HOME/.docker/tls/10.117.169.182:4443/`. When an image is signed, it is indicated in the Web UI.

{{< note >}}
Replace "10.117.169.182" with the IP address or domain name of your Harbor node. In order to use content trust, HTTPS must be enabled in Harbor.
{{< /note >}}

When an image is signed, it has a tick shown in UI; otherwise, a cross sign(X) is displayed instead.

![browse project](../../../img/content-trust.png)

Commit message:

Add notary remove part in notary_guide.md
Signed-off-by: danfengliu <danfengl@vmware.com>

docs/1.10/working-with-projects/project-configuration/implementing-content-trust.md, after:

---
title: Implementing Content Trust
weight: 55
---

{{< note >}}
Notary is an optional component, please make sure you have already installed it in your Harbor instance before you go through this section.
{{< /note >}}

If you want to enable content trust to ensure that images are signed, please set two environment variables in the command line before pushing or pulling any image:

```sh
export DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST=1
export DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST_SERVER=https://10.117.169.182:4443
```

If you push the image for the first time, You will be asked to enter the root key passphrase. This will be needed every time you push a new image while the `DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST` flag is set.
The root key is generated at: `/root/.docker/trust/private/root_keys`
You will also be asked to enter a new passphrase for the image. This is generated at `/root/.docker/trust/private/tuf_keys/[registry name] /[imagepath]`.
If you are using a self-signed cert, make sure to copy the CA cert into `/etc/docker/certs.d/10.117.169.182` and `$HOME/.docker/tls/10.117.169.182:4443/`. When an image is signed, it is indicated in the Web UI.

When an image is signed, it has a tick shown in UI; otherwise, a cross sign(X) is displayed instead.

If you want to remove a tag signature from harbor, you can use 'notary remove' command:

```sh
notary remove -p 10.117.169.182/libary/alpine latest
```

{{< note >}}
Replace "10.117.169.182" with the IP address or domain name of your Harbor node. In order to use content trust, HTTPS must be enabled in Harbor.
{{< /note >}}

![browse project](../../../img/content-trust.png)
