docs/harbor-doc-reorg/install_config/installation/download_installer.md, before:

# Download the Harbor Installer:

You download the installers from the **[official release](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/releases)** page. Choose either the online or the offline installer. 

- **Online installer:** The online installer downloads the Harbor images from Docker hub. For this reason, the installer is very small in size.

- **Offline installer:** Use the offline installer if the host to which are are deploying Harbor does not have a connection to the Internet. The offline installer contains pre-built images so it is larger than the online installer.

The installation processes are almost the same for both the online and offline installers.

## Download and Unpack the Installer

1. Go to the [Harbor releases page](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/releases). 
1. Select either the online or offline installer for the version you want to install.
1. Use `tar` to extract the installer package:

   - Online installer:<pre>bash $ tar xvf harbor-online-installer-<em>version</em>.tgz</pre>
   - Offline installer:<pre>bash $ tar xvf harbor-offline-installer-<em>version</em>.tgz</pre>
   
## Next Steps

To prepare your Harbor installation, [Configure the Harbor YML File](configure_yml_file.md).

Commit message:

Migrating 1.10 updates from install guide

docs/harbor-doc-reorg/install_config/installation/download_installer.md, after:

# Download the Harbor Installer:

You download the installers from the **[official release](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/releases)** page. Choose either the online or the offline installer. 

- **Online installer:** The online installer downloads the Harbor images from Docker hub. For this reason, the installer is very small in size.

- **Offline installer:** Use the offline installer if the host to which are are deploying Harbor does not have a connection to the Internet. The offline installer contains pre-built images so it is larger than the online installer.

The installation processes are almost the same for both the online and offline installers.

## Download and Unpack the Installer

1. Go to the [Harbor releases page](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/releases). 
1. Download either the online or offline installer for the version you want to install.
1. Optionally download the corresponding `*.asc` file to verify that the package is genuine. 
  
   The `*.asc` file is an OpenPGP key file. Perform the following steps to verify that the downloaded bundle is genuine. 
   
   1. Obtain the public key for the `*.asc` file.
      
      <pre>gpg --keyserver hkps://keyserver.ubuntu.com --receive-keys 644FF454C0B4115C</pre>
      
      You should see the message ` public key "Harbor-sign (The key for signing Harbor build) <jiangd@vmware.com>" imported`
   1. Verify that the package is genuine by running one of the following commands.

      - Online installer: <pre>gpg -v --keyserver hkps://keyserver.ubuntu.com --verify harbor-online-installer-<i>version</i>.tgz.asc</pre>
      - Offline installer: <pre>gpg -v --keyserver hkps://keyserver.ubuntu.com --verify harbor-offline-installer-<i>version</i>.tgz.asc</pre>
      
      The `gpg` command verifies that the signature of the bundle matches that of the `*.asc` key file. You should see confirmation that the signature is correct.
      
      <pre>
      gpg: armor header: Version: GnuPG v1
      gpg: assuming signed data in 'harbor-offline-installer-v1.10.0-rc2.tgz'
      gpg: Signature made Fri, Dec  6, 2019  5:04:17 AM WEST
      gpg:                using RSA key 644FF454C0B4115C
      gpg: using pgp trust model
      gpg: Good signature from "Harbor-sign (The key for signing Harbor build) &lt;jiangd@vmware.com&gt; [unknown]
      </pre>
1. Use `tar` to extract the installer package:

   - Online installer:<pre>bash $ tar xvf harbor-online-installer-<em>version</em>.tgz</pre>
   - Offline installer:<pre>bash $ tar xvf harbor-offline-installer-<em>version</em>.tgz</pre>
   
## Next Steps

To prepare your Harbor installation, [Configure the Harbor YML File](configure_yml_file.md).
