docs/1.10/_index.md, before:

---
title: Harbor Documentation
---

Welcome to the Harbor 1.10.x documentation. Use the table of contents on the left of the page to navigate through the docs.

This documentation includes the following sections:

## Harbor Installation and Configuration

This section describes how to install Harbor and perform the required initial configurations. These day 1 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](install-config/_index.md)

## Harbor Administration

This section describes how to use and maintain Harbor after deployment. These day 2 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](administration/_index.md)

## Working with Harbor Projects

This section describes how users with the developer, master, and project administrator roles manage and participate in Harbor projects. [Read more](working-with-projects/_index.md)

## Building, Customizing, and Contributing to Harbor

This section describes how developers can build from Harbor source code, customize their deployments, and contribute to the open-source Harbor project. [Read more](build-customize-contribute/_index.md)

## Access the Documentation Source Files

The source files for this documentation set are located in the [Harbor repository on Github](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/blob/master/docs/1.10/). 

For versions of the docs before 1.10.x, go to the [`docs` folder in the Github repository](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/tree/master/docs) and select the appropriate `release-1.xx.x` branch.

Commit message:

Attempting to configure subsections correctly

docs/1.10/_index.md, after:

---
title: Harbor Documentation
---

Welcome to the Harbor 1.10.x documentation. Use the table of contents on the left of the page to navigate through the docs.

This documentation includes the following sections:

## Harbor Installation and Configuration

This section describes how to install Harbor and perform the required initial configuration. These day 1 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](install-config/_index.md)

## Harbor Administration

This section describes how to use and maintain your Harbor registry instance after deployment. These day 2 operations are performed by the Harbor Administrator. [Read more](administration/_index.md)

## Working with Harbor Projects

This section describes how users with the developer, master, and project administrator roles manage users, and create, configure, and participate in Harbor projects. [Read more](working-with-projects/_index.md)

## Building, Customizing, and Contributing to Harbor

This section describes how developers can build from Harbor source code, customize their deployments, and contribute to the open-source Harbor project. [Read more](build-customize-contribute/_index.md)

## Access the Documentation Source Files

The source files for this documentation set are located in the [Harbor repository on Github](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/blob/master/docs/1.10/). 

For versions of the docs before 1.10.x, go to the [`docs` folder in the Github repository](https://github.com/goharbor/harbor/tree/master/docs) and select the appropriate `release-1.xx.x` branch.
