docs/harbor-doc-reorg/working_with_projects/project_configuration.md, before:

# Project Configuration

Project properties can be changed by clicking "Configuration".

* To make all repositories under the project accessible to everyone, select the `Public` checkbox.

* To prevent un-signed images under the project from being pulled, select the `Enable content trust` checkbox.

* To prevent vulnerable images under the project from being pulled, select the `Prevent vulnerable images from running` checkbox and change the severity level of vulnerabilities. Images cannot be pulled if their level equals to or higher than the currently selected level.

* To activate an immediate vulnerability scan on new images that are pushed to the project, select the `Automatically scan images on push` checkbox.

![browse project](../img/project_configuration.png) 



## Searching projects and repositories
Entering a keyword in the search field at the top lists all matching projects and repositories. The search result includes both public and private repositories you have access to.  

![browse project](../img/new_search.png)

## Build history

Build history make it easy to see the contents of a container image, find the code which bulids an image, or locate the image for a source repository.

In Harbor portal, enter your project, select the repository, click on the link of tag name you'd like to see its build history, the detail page will be opened. Then switch to `Build History` tab, you can see the build history information.

![build_ history](../img/build_history.png)

Commit message:

Migrating more 1.10 updates into reorg

docs/harbor-doc-reorg/working_with_projects/project_configuration.md, after:

# Project Configuration

Project properties can be changed by clicking "Configuration".

* To make all repositories under the project accessible to everyone, select the `Public` checkbox.

* To prevent un-signed images under the project from being pulled, select the `Enable content trust` checkbox.

* To activate an immediate vulnerability scan on new images that are pushed to the project, select the `Automatically scan images on push` checkbox.

![browse project](../img/project_configuration.png) 



## Searching projects and repositories
Entering a keyword in the search field at the top lists all matching projects and repositories. The search result includes both public and private repositories you have access to.  

![browse project](../img/new_search.png)

## Configure Vulnerability Settings in Projects

You can configure projects so that images with vulnerabilities cannot be run, and to automatically scan images as soon as they are pushed into the project.

1. Log in to the Harbor interface with an account that has at least project administrator privileges.
1. Go to **Projects** and select a project. 
1. Select the **Configuration** tab.
1. To prevent vulnerable images under the project from being pulled, select the **Prevent vulnerable images from running** checkbox.

   ![Prevent vulnerable images from running](../img/prevent_vulnerable_images.png)

1. Select the severity level of vulnerabilities to prevent images from running.

   ![Set vulnerability threshold](../img/set_vulnerability_threshold.png)
   
   Images cannot be pulled if their level is equal to or higher than the selected level of severity. Harbor does not prevent images with a vulnerability severity of `negligible` from running.
1. To activate an immediate vulnerability scan on new images that are pushed to the project, select the **Automatically scan images on push** check box.

   ![Automatically scan images on push](../img/scan_on_push.png)

## Build history

Build history makes it easy to see the contents of a container image, find the code which builds an image, or locate the image for a source repository.

In Harbor portal, enter your project, select the repository, click on the link of tag name you'd like to see its build history, the detail page will be opened. Then switch to `Build History` tab, you can see the build history information.

![build_ history](../img/build_history.png)
